This task is an annotation task for building an AI system. The task has two components, `Situation` `Question`. Situation describes some kind of circumstance. `Question` are sentences generated by th AI system, which are hypothesis about the circumstances. Your task is to label whether the hyposhesis generated by the AI system. The label you can choose from are `Yes`, `No`, `Unknown`. Also you may choose `Nonsense` when the sentence generated by the system does not make any sense. Below are some examples.

Situation: "There are two boys playing soccer in the yard"
Question: The boys are playing sports. -> `Yes`
Question: The boys are outside. -> `Yes`
Question: The boys are sleeping. -> `No`
Question: The boys are playing basketball. -> `No`
Question: A girl is playing soccer -> `Unknown`
Question: The boys are tall. -> `Unknown`
Question: The boys likes sports. -> `Unknown`
Question: The boys are running -> `Unknown`
Question: The boys are in a pot. -> `Nonsense`
Question: The boys are carrots. -> `Nonsense`
Question: The yard is a computer. -> `Nonsense`

Note that there are more `Unknown` and `Nonsense` than `Yes` or `No`. Perhaps more than half of the time, the label would be `Unknown` or `Nonsense`.  

If you can understand the meaning of the sentence, please ignore minor grammatical error. For example, "The boys is playing sports" or "A boys are playing sports" are not grammatically correct, but both of them are understandable as "The boys are playing sports".  

Here is the data. Some rows are already annotated, available as further examples.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aOUWlb5sgWqAb3oPntC5YJz4N_kHGdK9BR0NmerLXVU/edit?usp=sharing
